src/app/blog/(posts)/ho-chi-minh-city/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  category: 'Travel',
  date: '2024-03-16',
  images: [],
  title: 'Arriving to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam',
};

After 34 hours of traveling, I finally arrived at my first destination, Vietnam! I landed in the busy city of Ho Chi Minh City, otherwise known as Saigon. This is in the south of Vietnam and over the next month I will be climbing my way to the north, trying to experience as much as I can!

One thing hit me after walking out of the airport, the humidity and heat. It was around 28°C (82.4°F) at 5am! My first stop was to get breakfast. I took a taxi to the center and got a Banh Mi and coconut coffee, it was so good!

![Banh mi and coconut coffee](/ho-chi-minh-city/banh-mi.png 'Banh mi and coconut coffee')

I also saw a couple taking wedding pictures of an antique car at the opera house which was neat.

![Opera house antique car wedding](/ho-chi-minh-city/opera-wedding.png 'Opera house antique car wedding')

The next day I headed to the Co Chi tunnels, an eye opening experience of the remenence from the Vietnam War (or American war is it is called by Vietnamese)

Commit message:

add the hue blog post and images

src/app/blog/(posts)/ho-chi-minh-city/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  category: 'Travel',
  date: '2024-03-16',
  images: [
    'walking-street.png',
    'dragon.png',
    'plane.png',
    'post-office.png',
    'tank.png',
    'trap.png',
  ],
  title: 'Arriving to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam',
};

After 34 hours of traveling, I finally arrived at my first destination of my trip, Vietnam! I landed in the busy city of Ho Chi Minh City, otherwise known as Saigon. This is in the south of Vietnam and over the next month I will be climbing my way to the north, trying to experience as much as I can.

One thing hit me after walking out of the airport, the humidity and heat. It was around 28°C (82.4°F) at 5am and quickly got to the high 30's. My first stop was to get breakfast. I took a taxi to the center and got my first Banh Mi of many and a coconut coffee, it was so good!

![Banh mi and coconut coffee](/ho-chi-minh-city/banh-mi.png 'Banh mi and coconut coffee')

I also saw a couple taking wedding pictures of an antique car at the opera house which was neat.

![Opera house antique car wedding](/ho-chi-minh-city/opera-wedding.png 'Opera house antique car wedding')

The next day I headed to the Củ Chi tunnels, an eye opening experience of the remenence from the Vietnam War (or American war is it is called by the Vietnamese). The Củ Chi tunnels are an extensive network of underground passageways that stretch over 250 kilometers (155 miles), located in the Củ Chi District of Ho Chi Minh City. Used by Viet Cong soldiers during the Vietnam War for hiding, transportation, and as a base of operations, these tunnels played a significant role in facilitating guerrilla warfare tactics against American forces. The spaces were so tight, American soldiers were not able to a significant advantage to the Vietnamese.

![An entrance to one of the tunnels](/ho-chi-minh-city/tunnel.png 'An entrance to one of the tunnels')

<video controls>
  <source src='/ho-chi-minh-city/tunnels.mov' type='video/mp4' />
</video>

Now it's time to head up to central vietnam, the next stop is Hue.
